Update Readme (#103)
status-im/nim-libp2p: README.md

<a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/nimbus/nim-libp2p/branch/master"><img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/pqgif5bcie6cp3wi/branch/master?svg=true" /></a>
<a href="https://dev.azure.com/nimbus-dev/nim-libp2p/_build?definitionId=5&branchName=master"><img src="https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/nimbus-dev/dc5eed24-3f6c-4c06-8466-3d060abd6c8b/5/master?label=Azure%20%28Linux%2064-bit%2C%20Windows%2032-bit%2F64-bit%2C%20MacOS%2064-bit%29" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" /></a>
<a href=""><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nim-%3E%3D1.0.6-orange.svg?style=flat-square" /></a>
<a href=""><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%3E%3D1.12-orange.svg?style=flat-square" /></a>
</p>

## Introduction

An implementation of [libp2p](https://libp2p.io/) in Nim. Also provides a Nim wrapper of the [Libp2p Go daemon](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p).

## Project Status

> The current native Nim libp2p implementation support is experimental and shouldn't be relied on for production use. It is however under active development and we hope to achieve a reasonable level of stability in the upcoming months, as we will be integrating it across our own set of products, such as the Nim Beacon Chain. <br>

Reviewer: This section should be reworded, it doesn't flow at all, specially the last part:

> It is however under active development and we hope to achieve a reasonable level of stability in the upcoming months, as we will be integrating it across our own set of products, such as the Nim Beacon Chain.

> The current native Nim libp2p implementation support is experimental and shouldn't be relied on for production use. It is however under active development and we hope to achieve a reasonable level of stability in the upcoming months, as we will be integrating it across our own set of products, such as the Nim Beacon Chain. <br>

Author: haha ok i didn't change the content here, let me fix it

Check our [examples folder](/examples) to get started! 

# Table of Contents
- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
  - [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [API](#api)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Tutorials and Examples](#tutorials-and-examples)
  - [Using the Go Daemon](#using-the-go-daemon)
- [Development](#development)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Packages](#packages)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
  - [Core Developers](#core-developers) 
- [License](#license)

## Background   
libp2p is a networking stack and library modularized out of [The IPFS Project](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs), and bundled separately for other tools to use.

> libp2p is the product of a long, and arduous quest of understanding -- a deep dive into the internet's network stack, and plentiful peer-to-peer protocols from the past. Building large scale peer-to-peer systems has been complex and difficult in the last 15 years, and libp2p is a way to fix that. It is a "network stack" -- a protocol suite -- that cleanly separates concerns, and enables sophisticated applications to only use the protocols they absolutely need, without giving up interoperability and upgradeability. libp2p grew out of IPFS, but it is built so that lots of people can use it, for lots of different projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libp2p is the product of a long and arduous quest of understanding; a deep dive into the internet's network stack and the peer-to-peer protocols from the past. Building large scale peer-to-peer systems has been complex and difficult in the last 15 years and libp2p is a way to fix that. It is a "network stack", a suite of networking protocols that cleanly separates concerns and enables sophisticated applications to only use the protocols they absolutely need, without giving up interoperability and upgradeability. 

libp2p grew out of IPFS, but it is built so that lots of people can use it, for lots of different projects.
```

> - Learn more about libp2p at [**libp2p.io**](https://libp2p.io) and follow our evolving documentation efforts at [**docs.libp2p.io**](https://docs.libp2p.io). <br>

Reviewer: `<br>` not needed?

- [libp2p-crypto-secp256k1](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/107e71203d136acbabe9d8af45bcad58967eeec0/libp2p/crypto/secp.nim)

#### Data Types
- [peer-id](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/e0aae6d8ac1b4389044c5a6332add796bdf1d3a7/libp2p/peer.nim)
- [peer-info](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/8e46460cf61e6ea6e370eff98a9ad85774f87d79/libp2p/peerinfo.nim)

#### Pubsub
- [libp2p-pubsub](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/6a7f9f058c04ecdfd26e5dbfd8df88221b8511e7/libp2p/protocols/pubsub/pubsub.nim)
- [libp2p-floodsub](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/d5f92663bc5faa6d163d28624d66d740af4942c7/libp2p/protocols/pubsub/floodsub.nim)
- [libp2p-gossipsub](https://github.com/status-im/nim-libp2p/blob/381630f1854818be634a98e92a65dc317bf780a0/libp2p/protocols/pubsub/gossipsub.nim)

Packages that exist in the original libp2p specs and are under active development: 
- libp2p-daemon
- libp2p-webrtc-direct
- libp2p-webrtc-star
- libp2p-websockets
- libp2p-spdy
- libp2p-bootstrap
- libp2p-kad-dht
- libp2p-mdns
- libp2p-webrtc-star
- libp2p-delegated-content-routing
- libp2p-delegated-peer-routing
- libp2p-nat-mgnr
- libp2p-utils

> ** Note that the current stack reflects the minimal requirements for the upcoming Eth2 implementation. <br>

Reviewer: `<br>`?

## Contribute

> The libp2p implementation in Nim is a work in progress. We welcome contributors to help out! In specific, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The libp2p implementation in Nim is a work in progress. We welcome contributors to help out! Specifically, you can:
```
